this is our first personal opportunity
to cast the hero and i love it i mean
yeah she has so many tools wrong with
just heavy law in New can I mean I
remember way back it was that bleep MLG
when he picked up the clink snowin
expecting in the mid lane gets entangled
said you wanted a mr. Fisher coming
through as well FYI on the backside and
Sylar gets it done RNG admiral bulldog
was with silo this game trying to keep
this heavy push pace that they've been
doing a lot through this whole
tournament just like that mr. to tower
very very weak there goes a Fisher they
catch envy they will take it and it will
have to be used here super eating a lot
to our damage jump in bone seven ravaged
though quick mech to save super who
tries to turn back boats a very weak
forces retreat eternal MP getting a lot
of damage himself no casualties union
rights I'll are very low runs back those
birds laying out the damage that's why
though eats the soul assumption from
ally and there's your first death or
sorry your second as cinq-cinq did for
one for one trade route you have the
boat seven ravaged if they want to make
it a go at it a big blank ravaged and
the mystic clear rotk gets blowed up now
its retreat I'm Vinci giving maybe
Fisher the ward trap six again a UI 2000
getting low as well getting chase down
auy taking the right click he has a
double damage room they could fight this
with the bear coming in with the
radiance burned their too fragile they
blew up two heroes but they had to back
immediately the Bible there is smoke is
up for cloud nine that right we jump in
phone 7 he has the blink dagger fishing
now getting excess ehab from super
member getting pulled up not dead yet
was a mystical ergo scepter ages goes
through super trying to tap some heroes
down they will get the fundamental in
the back side he pops is bkv there's
this statically going through as well
now a lot of his damage is going on
pylon identical he try to run away but
he can't make it out he's going to get
right click and super will get a double
kill on the backside sing-sing getting
trapped us they've already taken three
down there's the surfboards just getting
back online jackal shot not connecting a
UI 2000 still alive but only for a
moment longer it's 343 movies out enough
blood bath and now that we're going for
the statutes our great initiation great
dkp reaction from super to looks like a
gang coming through and can't train in
fact from vici gaming II backing up
right now he's got a big baby might
excuse miss out coming through ravage as
well this one on target super getting
low pops would be maybe there's a second
ravishment tile are dead immediately
rotj its adoption he try to tip your way
will not make it out time a great start
to the fight but maybe a really poor end
now super getting right click down still
alive sitting this is the powershot they
will grab another killing ed buys back
super medallion is up on him he's
getting chased down but still alive on
the back side rotk getting zoned out by
Gus you'll earn himself back to life but
still as great as an initiation that was
from bone seven they only get two kills
off the back of it I put now they
realize that make can't really get much
done there there's the super Wars and
here we go my fights gonna have to break
out here but II
but the ginger tower is going to go
there's the ravaged coming through now
phone 7.x up the ravaged didn't do much
super now linking all of that damaging
getting chased down super extending
little to foreign incumbent sheet as
well force the note aux doesn't there's
the second ravaged now super will fall
cannot get the cheese off there's the
echoes left from FY styler trying to
back away to cousin John coming through
FY has been go center singsing getting
low will die get to double kill the fish
are coming out they've get the tier
three tower to buy back from a UI 2000
as well it's a three for three train now
everyone from BG buys out they want to
come down and as you can see my nose
then the salt keeps coming so they're
forced to pull out not one lets you buy
backs racks going to be under threat
here's our look at a bush out for new
turtle everything sapped up the damage
is being taken away in the shivers as he
pushes on for dead turtle and be forced
to retreat to the fountain both seven
pies back after he's taken down super a
one-man army pushing on through getting
help with silent but they step back
we're going to make and go on the racks
they do lose a casualty in the Fenrir
shadow shaman LRT cage it's good to be
shackled up against the wall in both
sevens looking to bring him down the
future block on his own alley you can't
quite get away and he will fall to the
gush now the bear the next target one
racks had fallen the journal envy steps
forward looking to defend it looks like
Fiji gaming are going to be pulling back
from regardless one racks down a victory
for them you coming from those to cloud
nine but the charge was going to be used
on eternal lives and they're gonna fight
this now super realizes that hey they
don't have peeking yet
she's got going as well at why getting
stood up nice business birds but ed
falling low taking a lot of damage to
the right which should be enough for
super to get the kill down four hundred
seconds 2015 right back here we go vote
seven ravaged and only in x 1 and
super-quick pressures up now the mystic
flare that one will head on our fck the
excess up on boat seven here comes six a
member with the ghost scepter again the
gushing rgk the anchor smashing a Duke
in the old top F why would the fishery
Cylon coming in as well with the bear
singsing getting caught up getting a
tangled up boat 7 will TP away singsing
not so lucky he'll fall a 2 / 2 trade by
back for step by II can't even get
involved in that engagement and they'll
back away very interesting quick buyback
coming from ee trying to rush down and
make it happen but constantly forcing
you know to step back and just kind of
clear it out did you get enough so we
get texts up there's the chill fit both
seven comes up with a ravaged refresh
but he's ex up right now super gets off
the dkp in time only for 60 to work with
shitless and there we go the second
rubbish does Lakers iteration solo
there's the case Papa boat seven Tyler
shackled up there comes easy look at the
blasted board as it comes on from the
buyback but friendlier looking to make
his escape an owie catches it off with a
double kill taking out rotk so scene I
with a nice defense takes down 341 in
the ee by back to defend they don't want
that to happen ravages up in 10 seconds
and now that you gave me they know that
abilities about to come up and they're
going to fight anyway Cee
other four steps remember getting one of
the ghosts after not Vivian echoes that
but only up I lied I he's dead again now
sing sing and ed trying to fight it up
the bear getting brought damage so it's
for as well that going there's the
refresher now you have a dead dead razor
sadder getting brought down as well FY
is done for down and all of a sudden
cloud9 they've turned the corner they're
willing to take this roshan and maybe
even a set of rats or two off the back
end of it we do have a buyback still
available on Sylar but he's just one man
here around nine quickly once again
taking down the Roche throw the ages
into the pocket of the eternal envy and
now let's see they're gonna go come a
knock and bottom Lane they already have
a very nice formidable army of creeks
down here trying to clear it out and
take down the set of rack that we needed
me here so the party wow that was that's
a huge group my god a party happening
right down in the bottom of the base it
really is all the creeps are uprising
and he decides maybe I just should go a
little um rid of your Moodle tour she's
newly enough you're sharing effects
boards try to clear out these quickies
in the ether shock is well but
right for the mid there goes into your
three down and look at that what's a
travel coming out with this isn't old
it's familiar that's two weeks down
immediately look at the damage hi der
Linde so much for mercy rip it apart
bills here three tower and mott i'm just
waiting on rut mega creeps in this game
is over and over okay no show them mercy
and then it's war out there heart that's
pretty much what happened in that game
that was fantastic others drenching
waters will McAvoy at times you were
just kind of like well yeah think this
is gonna go their way and all of a
sudden it turns around vici gave me they
they have the opportunity early on to
get the racks and get the game going
their way and it felt like as the game
progressed see the cloud nine just farm
better they just farm so much better